When I was working on this project the hardest part to overcome was the choice between a for and while loop. 
When I started writing the program, I used a for loop to start incrementing through the lines of the program 
while still using the switch. It was incrementing but I ran into a huge problem near the end. I designed a loop
that had a hard ending, my program knew exactly how long the file was or that I would keep incrementing forever
even though I have nothing left to print out, it would keep printing out the last line, hypothetically. So 
that’s when I had to retool the loop for a while loop to have it execute until the end of the file. This loop 
worked better and now it works for however long the file is.  For anyone wanting to complete this needs to, 
I now suggest, write down the steps in pseudocode, I used to just think about it but as I’m still newer to the 
syntax and writing it down helps me keep all of the information clear in front of me, instead of in my head 
where it was getting jumbled up. The most fun I had doing this assignment was figuring out how to properly sort 
the logic in pseudocode, it was very gratifying on solving how to run through the steps of the program on my 
paper. The most challenging aspect of the program was getline for me because I forgot that parts of chapter 10 
were recommended reading so I constructed my getline statement from multiple stackoverflow and cplusplus.com 
resources while talking to a friend about getline syntax. I was able to get it to build and print each line of 
the file, then when I went to look at how you had it structured, I saw the segments from Chapter 10. The thing 
that was the most confusing to wrap my head around is the unsigned int size_t. I understand that it can be used 
as a container for things of any variable length, including arrays, but I still am having a hard time 
understanding why that is or how it accomplishes it. As for things to improve upon the assignment I think that 
you provided everything students needed to accomplish the assignment, from your recommendation to read the 
sections of chapter 10, the extra pages that you included, and the use of string to int(stoi) in our lectures 
to give us a taste on how to separate everything. 